Grids: add Choose a Data Management Component (#8102)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/07 Choose a Data Management Component/00 Choose a Data Management Component.md

DevExtreme includes four main components for data display and management:

- [DataGrid](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Overview/)
- [TreeList](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Overview/)  
- [PivotGrid](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PivotGrid/Overview/)  
- [CardView](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/CardView/Overview/)  

> Each component connects to similar [data sources](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Data_Source_Examples/). Selecting the right one depends on the structure of your data and your requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each component connects to similar [data sources](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Data_Source_Examples/). Selecting the relevant data source depends on the structure of your data and your requirements.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Each component connects to similar [data sources](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Data_Source_Examples/). Selecting the relevant component depends on the structure of your data and your requirements.
```
